[13.0][ADD] uom module (#2247)
OCA/OpenUpgrade: addons/uom/migrations/13.0.1.0/openupgrade_analysis_work.txt

---Models in module 'uom'---
---Fields in module 'uom'---
uom          / uom.category             / measure_type (selection)      : selection_keys is now '['length', 'unit', 'volume', 'weight', 'working_time']' ('['length', 'time', 'unit', 'volume', 'weight']')

> # Done in post-migration script

Reviewer: You have to rename the variable to `None` in pre and then map on post. And remember the format for these annotations I talked about in the other issue.

Author: Is it ok?

> # DONE: pre-migration: renamed `measure_type` to None then mapped 'time' value to 'working_time'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# DONE: pre-migration: copy `measure_type` and then mapped 'time' value to 'working_time'
```
